Hello, and welcome.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module, Implement Continuous
Deployment to Increase Customer Value in the course,
Deploying Value with Kanban.
The outcome of this module is to provide you the knowledge
and skills to help you implement continuous deployment
methods with your Kanban value stream.
So deployment is simply the next step in the flow continuing from
continuous integration and now on through to deployment.
Here are the topics of this module, continuous deployment, or sometimes
I'll say CD, continuous delivery versus continuous deployment, DevOps ‑
bridging the gap, pipelines, continuous everything, and why Kanban is a great fit for CI/CD and the module summary.